content: source-track: merge train summary (#1240)
slsa-framework/slsa: docs/spec/draft/verifying-source.md

In this model, when a change is approved for submission to the protected branch, it is added to the train branch instead.
After a certain amount of time, the train branch will be merged into the protected branch.
If there are problems detected with the contents on the train branch, it's normal for the whole train to be abandoned and a new train to be formed.
Approved changes will be re-applied to a new train in this scenario.

The key benefit to this approach is that the protected branch remains stable for longer, allowing more time for human and automatic code review.
A key downside to this approach is that organizations will not know the final revision id that represents a change until the entire train process completes.

A change review process will now be associated with multiple distinct revisions.

-   ID 1: The revision which was reviewed before concluding the change review process. It represents the ideal state of the protected branch applying only this proposed change.
-   ID 2: The revision created when the change is applied to the train branch. It represents the state of the protected branch _after other changes have been applied_.

> It is important to note that no human or automatic review will have the chance to pre-approve ID1, which may appear to violate any rules that require pre-approval of changes before submission.

Reviewer: "pre-approve ID1"

Do you mean "ID2" here?  AIUI they have ample time to pre-approve ID1 since that's what they're doing their code reviews against and what the diff is shown against?

Author: yikes, good catch.

> It is important to note that no human or automatic review will have the chance to pre-approve ID1, which may appear to violate any rules that require pre-approval of changes before submission.

Author: ```suggestion
It is important to note that no human or automatic review will have the chance to pre-approve ID2. This will appear to violate any organization policies that require pre-approval of changes before submission.
```
